README.md, before:

# CatchUp 2.0

![CatchUpLogo](./client/public/images/screenShots/Catchup%202.0.png)

## Table of Contents

- [User_Story](#user_story)
- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Collaborators](#collaborators)
- [Tutorials](#tutorials)
- [License](#license)

## User_Story

AS A person that wants to stay in contact with friends and family,
I WANT to post content, and engage with others content,
SO THAT I can maintain relationships online.

## Description

This is a social media application where users can create an account, create a post, delete their own post, view all users’ post, and add comments on other user’s posts. We built this project using the MERN(MongoDb, Express, React, and Node.js) stack, a GraphQl API, user authentication with JWT, and Semantic UI to style our application.

## Installation

There is no installation necessary. Click on the link below to explore our app.

### Deployed Application

[CatchUp 2.0]()

### Check out our Repo.

[CatchUp 2.0 Repo](https://github.com/smokhadar/catch-up2)

## Usage

## Screenshots

![signUp](./client/public/images/screenShots/login.png)

![Home](./client/public/images/screenShots/home.png)



## Credits

We thank our instructor Samantha Randolph and the UC Berkley FullStack Bootcamp TA’s for supporting us with building our project. We had help from the users from StackOverflow as well.

## Collaborators

[Deandra](https://github.com/ddiedrick)  
[Nidhi](https://github.com/shahnidhi20)  
[Paola](https://github.com/perfectblue0)  
[Samira](https://github.com/smokhadar)     
[Sarah](https://github.com/minutemin)

## License

Please refer to the link below if you need to read the terms and conditions of the license:
- [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Tutorials

Commit message:

Add Usage, badges, links to readme, npm i

README.md, after:

# CatchUp 2.0

## Badges
![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)
![Deandra Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/PM/Front-Deandra-red)
![Nidhi Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Login/Back-Nidhi-pink)
![Paola Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Front-Paola-orange)
![Samira Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Front/Back-Samira-purple)
![Sarah Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Front-Sarah-green)

![CatchUpLogo](./client/public/images/screenShots/Catchup%202.0.png)

## Table of Contents

- [User_Story](#user_story)
- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Collaborators](#collaborators)
- [Tutorials](#tutorials)
- [License](#license)

## User_Story

AS A person that wants to stay in contact with friends and family,
I WANT to post content, and engage with others content,
SO THAT I can maintain relationships online.

## Description

This is a social media application where users can create an account, create a post, delete their own post, view all users’ post, and add comments on other user’s posts. We built this project using the MERN(MongoDb, Express, React, and Node.js) stack, a GraphQl API, user authentication with JWT, and Semantic UI to style our application.

## Installation

There is no installation necessary. Click on the link below to explore our app.

### Deployed Application

[CatchUp 2.0](https://catch-up-2-7cee2873119e.herokuapp.com/ )

### Check out our Repo.

[CatchUp 2.0 Repo](https://github.com/smokhadar/catch-up2)

## Usage

The link will take you to a login page. To use the app, you must register and create a username, then you are able to login.  Once logged in, you are taken to your homepage.  At the nav bar, you have tabs on the left for home, messaging and friend's list, on the right is a search for friends bar, and a logout button. On the main page you have your profile section on the left that lists your email, username, photo, friend's count and posts count.  There is a post section where you can enter whatever thoughts or message you want to share.  Below that is a feed of all the posts from other users.  Once you post, you are able to see all of your posts in the feed. On the right is a list of other users currently online. 

## Screenshots

![signUp](./client/public/images/screenShots/login.png)

![Home](./client/public/images/screenShots/home.png)


## Credits

We thank our instructor Samantha Randolph and the UC Berkley FullStack Bootcamp TA’s for supporting us with building our project. We had help from the users from StackOverflow as well.

## Collaborators

[Deandra](https://github.com/ddiedrick)  
[Nidhi](https://github.com/shahnidhi20)  
[Paola](https://github.com/perfectblue0)  
[Samira](https://github.com/smokhadar)     
[Sarah](https://github.com/minutemin)

## Tutorials
[React/GraphQL Course - Build a social media app (MERNG Stack)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1mdAPFq2Os&ab_channel=freeCodeCamp.org)

[Build a COMPLETE Fullstack Responsive MERN App with Auth, Likes, Dark Mode | React, MongoDB, MUI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8YELRmUb5o&ab_channel=EdRoh)

## License

Please refer to the link below if you need to read the terms and conditions of the license:
- [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
